c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\InAndOut.exe.config
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\obj\Debug\InAndOut.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.baml
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\obj\Debug\Resources\Icons.g.cs
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\obj\Debug\InAndOut_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\obj\Debug\InAndOut_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\InAndOut.exe
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\InAndOut.pdb
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\InAndOut.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\InAndOut.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\obj\Debug\InAndOut.g.resources
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\obj\Debug\InAndOut.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\obj\Debug\InAndOut.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\obj\Debug\InAndOut.exe
c:\users\dejan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\InAndOut\InAndOut\obj\Debug\InAndOut.pdb
